IN THE STATE COURT OF DEKALB COUNTY
STATE OF GEORGIA

DANIEL PRICE,
Plaintiff,

v.

OAKVIEW GARDEN CIRCLE and MASON CORNER PROPERTIES, LLC,
Defendants.

COMPLAINT FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF

Plaintiff Daniel Price files this Complaint and alleges as follows:

1. Plaintiff owns and resides on property adjacent to the vacant lot at 611 Mason Avenue, DeKalb County, Georgia.

2. Defendant Oakview Garden Circle operates a community garden on the adjacent lot pursuant to a use agreement. Defendant Mason Corner Properties, LLC owns the lot.

3. Beginning in or around March 2026, Defendants altered portions of the garden lot, placed materials near the shared boundary, and installed temporary fencing in a manner that contributed to runoff and drainage toward Plaintiff’s property.

4. Following multiple rain events, muddy water and sediment allegedly crossed onto Plaintiff’s property, pooled near Plaintiff’s fence line, and interfered with Plaintiff’s use and enjoyment of the yard.

5. Plaintiff further alleges that temporary fencing and related garden materials were placed near the property boundary without adequate prior coordination, worsening access and maintenance concerns along the shared edge of the properties.

6. Plaintiff provided notice of these concerns by email and in person, but contends that corrective action was delayed and incomplete.

7. As a result of the alleged runoff and related conditions, Plaintiff claims damage to landscaping, cleanup costs, and ongoing concern regarding fence stability.

8. Plaintiff seeks judgment against Defendants for compensatory damages in an amount to be proven at trial, costs of suit, and such other relief as the Court deems proper.

9. Plaintiff also requests preliminary and permanent injunctive relief requiring reasonable corrective measures to address runoff conditions and placement of materials near the property boundary.

WHEREFORE, Plaintiff requests:
(a) compensatory damages;
(b) preliminary and permanent injunctive relief;
(c) costs of litigation; and
(d) any further relief the Court finds just and proper.
